website/integrations: add tandoor (#13560)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/tandoor/index.md

---
title: Integrate with Tandoor
sidebar_label: Tandoor
support_level: community
---

## What is Tandoor

> Application for managing recipes, planning meals, building shopping lists and more.
>
> -- [https://github.com/TandoorRecipes/recipes](https://github.com/TandoorRecipes/recipes)

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `tandoor.company` is the FQDN of the tandoor installation.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

:::note
This documentation lists only the settings that you need to change from their default values. Be aware that any changes other than those explicitly mentioned in this guide could cause issues accessing your application.
:::

## authentik configuration

Create an **OAuth2/OpenID Application and Provider** under **Applications** -> **Applications** via the **Create with Provider** button, using the following settings:

- Name: `tandoor`
- Redirect URIs/Origins (RegEx): `https://tandoor.company/accounts/oidc/authentik/login/callback/`

Everything else is up to you, just make sure to grab the client ID and the client secret!

## Tandoor configuration

> Add the following lines to your tandoor environment `.env` file. Make sure to edit with the client ID, client secret and server URL from your Authentik instance.

Reviewer: We shouldn't assume that the user uses environment variables in an .env file. For example, I use 1Password as a secret manager. Here's what I would do: I also updated wording

```suggestion
Add the following environment variables to your tandoor configuration. Make sure to fill in the client ID, client secret and OpenID Connect well-known URL from your authentik instance.
```

---
title: Integrate with Tandoor
sidebar_label: Tandoor
support_level: community
---

## What is Tandoor

> > Application for managing recipes, planning meals, building shopping lists and more.

Reviewer: Please use a full sentence here

>
> -- https://github.com/TandoorRecipes/recipes

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

> - `Tandoor.company` is the FQDN of the tandoor installation.

Reviewer: The FQDN should still be in lowercase

- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

:::note
This documentation lists only the settings that you need to change from their default values. Be aware that any changes other than those explicitly mentioned in this guide could cause issues accessing your application.
:::

## authentik configuration
### Create an application and provider in authentik

1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and click **Create with Provider** to create an application and provider pair. (Alternatively you can create only an application, without a provider, by clicking **Create**.)

- **Application**: provide a descriptive name (e.g., `Tandoor`), an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.

> - **Choose a Provider type**: Select OAuth2/OpenID Provider as the provider type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Choose a Provider type**: Select **OAuth2/OpenID Provider** as the provider type.
```

- **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
    - **Redirect URI**:

>         - Strict: `https://Tandoor.company/accounts/oidc/authentik/login/callback/`

Reviewer: Please keep the FQDN in lowercase and use <kbd></kbd> for code-format and <em></em> for values which should be replaces by the user (for example for FQDN)

Author: Can you clarify what you mean here? I can't see an example in the owncloud template.

Reviewer: Sure: https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik/pull/13144/files#diff-368c9a637f0c7a5e0a9a61eea180d24fe85a2c7944bc62a0b7c37ee60127c949R40

---
title: Integrate with Tandoor
sidebar_label: Tandoor
support_level: community
---

## What is Tandoor

> Application for managing recipes, planning meals and building shopping lists.
>
> -- https://github.com/TandoorRecipes/recipes

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `tandoor.company` is the FQDN of the tandoor installation.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

:::note
This documentation lists only the settings that you need to change from their default values. Be aware that any changes other than those explicitly mentioned in this guide could cause issues accessing your application.
:::

## authentik configuration

> ### Create an application and provider in authentik

Reviewer: Before this line, can you add the following sentence ? Thanks

```
To support the integration of <Integration Name> with authentik, you need to create an application/provider pair in authentik.
```

Reviewer: so between the H2 and H3

- **Application**: provide a descriptive name (e.g., `Tandoor`), an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.

- **Choose a Provider type**: Select **OAuth2/OpenID Provider** as the provider type.

- **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
    - **Redirect URI**:
        - Strict: <kbd>https://<em>tandoor.company</em>/accounts/oidc/authentik/login/callback/</kbd>

- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

## Tandoor configuration

Add the following environment variables to your tandoor configuration. Make sure to fill in the client ID, client secret and OpenID Connect well-known URL from your authentik instance.

> ```sh

Reviewer: Since we updated this code block to use ``` instead of KBD, EM tags will no longer render. They should be removed for now

- **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.

    - **Redirect URI**:
        - Strict: <kbd>https://<em>tandoor.company</em>/accounts/oidc/authentik/login/callback/</kbd>

- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

## Tandoor configuration

Add the following environment variables to your tandoor configuration. Make sure to fill in the client ID, client secret and OpenID Connect well-known URL from your authentik instance.

```sh
SOCIAL_PROVIDERS=allauth.socialaccount.providers.openid_connect
SOCIALACCOUNT_PROVIDERS='{"openid_connect":{"APPS":[{"provider_id":"authentik","name":"authentik","client_id":"<Client ID from authentik>","secret":"<Client Secret from authentik>","settings":{"server_url":"https://authentik.company/application/o/<application slug>/.well-known/openid-configuration"}}]}}

> '

Reviewer: Can we move this to L52 for consistency?
